welcome to slash forward
what can i say i love witches apparently
and we're gonna express that by watching
gretel and hansel released this year
if you dream of living in a gritty
reboot of your own childhood subscribe
to the channel for nostalgic purposes
let's get to it we open with some voice
over narration from an elderly lady
telling us a story about a beautiful
little baby
with a pink hat yeah she was pretty but
deemed ill in the head so her parents
took her to an enchantress who pulled
some turds out of her face and sent her
back home
the child now had second sight so that's
good but she used it to tell everyone
how they would die
and that's bad it's also bad that she
undertook efforts to help those
furtellings of death come true
as she became awash in the darkness
after killing her sword swallowing
father they decided to make the woods
her new home now
and she was forced to find her own
entertainment luring children to play
with her in the pit of despair
then we open again on a narration this
time by a young woman talking about when
she first heard the story of the
beautiful child in the pink hat while we
are thankful for this information it's
not totally clear how it relates to
gretel taking a short journey to inquire
about a housekeeping job while dragging
along her little brother hansel we find
the master of the estate to be a man of
great means
and a nearly unending wellspring of
perverted energy he helps gretel learn
the proper etiquette required of the
position
yes
and then gets down to the important
details necessary for qualifying any
competent house cleaner
for instance the status of the
applicant's hymen
her sour mother balks at her in
gratitude and turning down a good job
that would have gotten the kids out of
the house
greta learns this is actually a
requirement for her now since the house
is so full of ghosts there's no room for
them anyway
so it's suggested that she go check in
with the convent despite the fact that
there's no way they'd let in hansel
in the alternative they're also welcome
to go find a ditch and go ahead and just
die
any indignation by this request is put
to rest when their mother makes her
closing argument they soon find
themselves in the woods aiming to visit
the old widow who lives there in the
hope of finding a bed if only
temporarily the home appears to be empty
but habitable so they cozy up for the
night however as they lay down they
discover the unoccupied house is
actually very occupied as they are
chased into the yard by a strange man
who is thankfully shot through the head
with an arrow by a mysterious figure
the woodsman provides them food and
offers to have them taken in with the
foresters where they can earn a keep and
learn some useful skills for their new
lives as peasant laborers
when his hospitality is questioned we
learn that he offers this freely because
virtue is its own reward
as gretel bathes that evening she
wonders if it's wise to trust someone
who appears just as you need them
and offers to provide exactly what's
required hmm
it seems the movie may have some sort of
a lesson in here somewhere
but it's their best option so they take
his directions and heed his warnings
before heading off along the path
they travel through the woods only
taking brief pauses here and there to
discuss topics like where babies come
from
and to take caution when confronted by
silhouettes in the dark we learned from
gretel's internal monologue that she has
a tendency to be haunted by things that
aren't there
they continue on famished from not
having eaten for approximately eight
hours
so gretel saddles up to the snack bar
and has a charming conversation with a
mushroom
about whether or not it's poisonous
questionably she trusts what the
mushroom tells her and they both tuck in
and are soon delirious with the joyful
satisfaction of a full belly
now that her third eye has reached full
sight the wood opens itself to her and
she hears whispers summoning her to
follow
this leads them to a rundown gate at the
edge of a yard hansel is drawn to the
house they're in by the wafting scent of
cake
they pull up and peek in catching sight
of a magnificent feast laid out
apparently for no one as the table is
empty of guests and their knocking at
the door goes unheeded
so hansel pries the window open slightly
and slips in things seem to be going
well with the burglary but then a
strange old woman shows up and appears
to snatch him
gretel finds a rock that she can barely
lift but still manages to throw it 20
feet
despite this effort the house proves to
be impervious to her attempts to damage
it as an alternative she prepares to
burn down the whole forest but the
mistress reveals twas all a
misunderstanding is hansel is fine and
gretel is invited in
inside they engage in a nice mukbang and
have a break the lady checks them for
lice and deems them clean enough to rest
their heads but they don't intend to
stay long however they're too hungry to
stop and end up eating until they can't
move which forces them to bed
while asleep gretel dreams of children
being killed and eaten by their mother
so she has a pretty restful evening
she then wakes up to find a breakfast
feast now putting them at risk of
getting stuck within a vicious cycle of
gorging and being unable to leave
to help counteract this she offers to
help with some of the housework to pay
their debt while they're there and
hopefully give her a chance to walk off
some of the meat sweats
as a first step the lady offers to teach
some basics of forestry to hansel they
start out near a shed that hansel finds
alluring
and she teaches him how to sharpen a
blade while enjoying his musk
inside gretel examined some artifacts
when the old lady offers to show her a
book on herbology that's full of recipes
for various tinctures
and they start with a disgusting remedy
for her sneezing meanwhile
outside hansel proves to be an
incredibly incompetent axeman either
missing the tree entirely or blowing out
his rotator cuff when he strikes it they
while away the evening playing chess
the lady predicts an incoming storm and
endears herself to gretel by referencing
the mystique of her budding womanhood
then at night gretel has a vision of the
beautiful child who she follows into a
strange room
where one may go to play with dead
bodies if one were so inclined as the
sheet saturates with blood she takes a
little peek
and then wakes up that morning as she
completes some chores down by the crick
she notices some toys tucked away on the
opposite pink and begins to wonder
whether her strange dreams are derived
from her new rich diet or if they're
premonitions of some real danger fearing
the latter she attempts to convince
hazel that it's time for them to hit the
old dusty trail
after all there seems to be an unlimited
supply of food and milk but no obvious
presence of the requisite animals to
produce this
so either the old lady's milk and
herself or there's some witchcraft afoot
but hansel is a stupid little boy and he
whinges about the thought of taking a
long walk outside so they continue
feasting and chopping and doing chores
gretel finds herself in need of a new
rag as the one she's using has become
full of blood
she's directed to find a replacement
toward the back of a cupboard and here
she discovers some rotted paneling that
reveals a doorknob
attached to a secret entrance to
somewhere meanwhile back in the woods
hansel runs across a pentagram
and a very traditional witch which
compels him via rhyme to go check out
that shed he's so interested in but only
to sharpen a saw not for anything good
during casual conversation the lady asks
gretel about her dreams she indicates a
desire to paint her and gretel as two
peas in a pod in the hope that she can
help
cultivate and expand on gretel's
burgeoning mind powers to that end she
offers up a calming salve
which contains a hint of eucalyptus that
she finds delightful
after getting good up she's encouraged
to command the stick to do things
it awaits its master so she can become
the master of the stick while hansel
sits around in a few states sharpening
the saw teeth gretel wanders out with
her slimy hands and finds that nature
now freely bends itself to her will
this results in a sort of reversal of
desire as hansel now finds himself
exhausted with the constant eating but
gretel compels him to continue to stuff
himself and explore what strange
delights are available to him
fearful of this new reckless attitude
hansel now has a moment of clarity in
which he flips one of gretel's life
philosophies upon her pointing out that
every gift comes with a price and the
price for her new power is so far
undefined upset by her brother wielding
facts and logic against her she shows
him the way out and leaves him in the
woods where he soon disappears
she wakes up later hoping that this
episode was just a dream but after an
accounting of the living quarters is
completed she confirms he is truly
missing
she discusses this with the lady and
suggests that hansel is too young to be
off on his own so she has to embark on a
thorough search of the area bright and
early in the morning
as a result she requests a sleeping
potion to ensure a restful night's sleep
but we learned this is just a ruse as
she suspects the woman of being
complicit in his disappearance
as we later see her barf up the potion
into her chamber pot
and then explore the room behind the
secret cupboard door when she enters it
she finds the room from her dreams
and hansel is there chilling in the
corner he doesn't notice her presence
and she is quickly distracted by an
outpouring of thick blood onto the floor
from which a young witch is conjured
gretel then gets a backstage pass to the
food prep situation as the witch picks
some of the choicest pieces of baby to
lay out in a pleasing arrangement that
she then
transmutes into the daily feast they
enjoy gretel then wakes up convinced now
that her dreams are filled with truth
and determined to play dumb in the
witch's presence until she can think of
a way to outsmart her when she is left
alone gretel pours over the book
hoping to find a refreshing beverage she
may be able to serve up so as to secure
her escape
later on they have a conversation about
power and vulnerabilities
here we find the witch learned a little
lesson from the dread pirate robinson as
she slowly acclimated herself over time
to various poisons to ensure that none
of them could be used in her downfall
then just to drive the point home she
munches on a little biscuit to go with
her poisoned tea and pulls out a
disgusting hair without even flinching
since the jig is up gretel just
outwardly asks that hansel be freed but
the witch refuses because he
is gretel's poison you see and you can't
take your brother in small doses
she then reveals that both ladies have
the same magic as a beautiful child with
the pink cap and that she was actually
her mother
after discarding her child to the
darkness she found herself welcoming it
and ultimately ate a bunch of children
to manifest her powers
she recounts the many victims as they
return to the dining room to prepare to
feast upon hansel gretel vows to free
him but finds herself short on time as
he is actively escorted to the roasting
station
forced to find another way she looks
inward and comes to the realization that
there is no stick and then becomes its
master
easily condemning the witch to a brutal
and terrifying end and then her
ill-defined powers
at just the right moment for the story
allow her to easily escape
we meet back up with the crew as they
recover in the bedroom hansel learns the
witches vacated the residence now and
it's hansel's turn to follow suit
gretel freely gives a piece of herself
when he leaves but indicates her intent
to fork off on a different forking path
leaving him in the capable hands of the
great horse spirit hansel returns to his
boyhood home
now exclusively occupied by ghosts while
she goes off to find herself
and in the process write her own story
like in every hit natasha bettingfield
song that's ever existed and with their
captor gone the spirits of the children
are now free to find peace
as is gretel and as are we all
i have a website set up where you can
support the channel through donations or
merch and i'd like to take a moment to
give a huge thanks to my donors
memorialized in the hall of head shots
well i sure can't wait for the
continuation of this story and what will
clearly be
a rich tapestry of a fairy tale universe
i honestly don't mind this rendition of
these stories
i think it generally serves a film
better to create a self-contained story
with possibilities for spin-offs
rather than going in trying to create
something that's clearly intended to set
up a larger cinematic universe
because if it fails you're left with a
partial movie forever if you enjoyed the
video i'd love for you to become part of
the channel by subscribing
thanks for watching